<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
				xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
				xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
				xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
				xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
				template="/WEB-INF/tags/layout.xhtml"
				xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

		<ui:define name="content">
            <h2 style="color: rgb(34, 173, 173);">What is SaaS?</h2>
            SaaS, or Software as a Service, describes any cloud service where
            consumers are able to access software applications over the internet.
            The applications are hosted in “the cloud” and can be used for a wide
            range of tasks for both individuals and organisations. Google, Twitter,
            Facebook and Flickr are all examples of SaaS, with users able to access
            the services via any internet enabled device. Enterprise users are able
            to use applications for a range of needs, including accounting and
            invoicing, tracking sales, planning, performance monitoring and
            communications (including webmail and instant messaging).<br/>
            <br/>
            SaaS is often referred to as software-on-demand and utilising it is
            akin to renting software rather than buying it. With traditional
            software applications you would purchase the software upfront as a
            package and then install it onto your computer. The software’s licence
            may also limit the number of users and/or devices where the software
            can be deployed. Software as a Service users, however, subscribe to the
            software rather than purchase it, usually on a monthly basis.
            Applications are purchased and used online with files saved in the
            cloud rather than on individual computers.<br/>
            <br/>
            There are a number of reasons why SaaS is beneficial to organisations
            and personal users alike:<br/>
            <br/>
            <ul>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">No additional hardware costs;</span>
                    the processing power required to run the applications is supplied by
                    the cloud provider.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">No initial setup costs;</span>
                    applications are ready to use once the user subscribes.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Pay for what you use;</span> if
                    a piece of software is only needed for a limited period then it is only
                    paid for over that period and subscriptions can usually be halted at
                    any time.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Usage is scalable;</span> if a
                    user decides they need more storage or additional services, for
                    example, then they can access these on demand without needing to
                    install new software or hardware.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Updates are automated;</span>
                    whenever there is an update it is available online to existing
                    customers, often free of charge. No new software will be required as it
                    often is with other types of applications and the updates will usually
                    be deployed automatically by the cloud provider.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Cross device compatibility;</span>
                    SaaS applications can be accessed via any internet enabled device,
                    which makes it ideal for those who use a number of different devices,
                    such as internet enabled phones and tablets, and those who don’t always
                    use the same computer.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Accessible from any location;</span>
                    rather than being restricted to installations on individual computers,
                    an application can be accessed from anywhere with an internet enabled
                    device.</li>
                <li><span style="font-weight: bold;">Applications can be customised
and whitelabelled;</span> with some software, customisation is
                    available meaning it can be altered to suit the needs and branding of a
                    particular customer.</li>
            </ul>
            Office software is the best example of businesses utilising SaaS. Tasks
            related to accounting, invoicing, sales and planning can all be
            performed through Software as a Service. Businesses may wish to use one
            piece of software that performs all of these tasks or several that each
            perform different tasks. The required software can be subscribed to via
            the internet and then accessed online via any computer in the office
            using a username and password. If needs change they can easily switch
            to software that better meets their requirements. Everyone who needs
            access to a particular piece of software can be set up as a user,
            whether it is one or two people or every employee in a corporation that
            employs hundreds.<br/>
            <br/>
            <span style="font-weight: bold;">Summary</span><br/>
            <ul>
                <li>There are no setup costs with SaaS, as there often are with other
                    applications</li>
                <li>SaaS is scalable with upgrades available on demand</li>
                <li>Access to Software as a Service is compatible across all internet
                    enabled devices</li>
                <li>As long as there is an internet connection, applications are
                    accessible from any location</li>
            </ul>



		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
