<ui:composition xmlns="http://www.w3.org/1999/xhtml"
				xmlns:ui="http://java.sun.com/jsf/facelets"
				xmlns:h="http://java.sun.com/jsf/html"
				xmlns:f="http://java.sun.com/jsf/core"
				xmlns:p="http://primefaces.org/ui"
				template="/WEB-INF/tags/layout.xhtml"
				xmlns:c="http://java.sun.com/jsp/jstl/core">

		<ui:define name="content">
			<h1>Agile Project Management Tools - Open Source </h1>
			<h2><a href="http://easybacklog.com" rel="nofollow">Easybacklog</a></h2>
			<p class="description">Simplistic, but extremely easy to use web based
				tool for Scrum. You can create backlogs (projects in fact), fill them
				with user stories, plan sprint and track progress via burn down chart.
				One thing, however, will drive you mad.</p>
			<h2><a href="/agileprojectmanagement/icescrum.aspx">IceScrum</a></h2>
			<p class="description">Interesting web-based tool. The tool is under
				active development (latest version March 19, 2012). It has some really
				nice concepts on board. Planning poker powers user stories estimation.
				Stories represented by cards and there are several useful filters
				presets. The downside is usability.</p>
			<h2><a href="/agileprojectmanagement/agilefant.aspx">Agilefant</a></h2>
			<p class="description">Agilefant is a web-based tool under active
				development (latest release v.3.2, April 17, 2013).</p>
			<p>It is quite rich in features and allows to create products,
				projects, iterations, user stories (estimated in points), tasks
				(estimated in hours), and allows to log spent effort for each of these
				objects. Iterations can contain stories from multiple projects (very
				good thing to have).</p>
			<p>The missing features are integrations and customization.</p>
			<h2><a href="/agileprojectmanagement/seenowdo.aspx">SeeNowDo</a></h2>
			<p class="description">This tool has a very good board, acceptable
				permission control and in general works fine for Scrum projects. The
				major problem is that it is... slow.</p>
			<h2><a href="/agileprojectmanagement/agilo.aspx">Agilo</a></h2>
			<p class="description">Agilo based on <a
					href="http://trac.edgewall.org/" rel="nofollow">Trac</a>. The tool is
				under active development. While it has several nice features like
				timeline, burn down charts and dashboard, integrated wiki, the concept
				behind Agilo has several flaws. There are no projects in the system, it
				means if you have several projects you will have to implement a
				workaround. Iteration and Releases planning is cumbersome.<a
						href="/agileprojectmanagement/agilo.aspx"></a> </p>



		</ui:define>
	</ui:composition>
